
# This todo file is for items that would be easier for anyone to contribute to.

Come up with a process for compiling and using jbigi (Apparently both the FreeBSD I2P port, and the libjbigi port do not work).

Get XDM and Xauth to work properly:
  Authorization for a non-host client program should only be open for a short amount of time.
  The server should not automatically authorize everyone!
  Set up a good security policy for the X server, preferrably preventing client programs from seeing each other and/or being able to intercept each other's information.

Add some way of differentiating between windows from different jails:
  Try coloring the windows differently? Blue for host programs, green for the NAT jails, yellow tor_fast and tor_pseudonym_1, red for tor_normal and tor_pseudonym_2.

Start chrooting all daemons (Even jailed ones) and non-telnet/login processes that are chrootable:
  Tell make to statically link them to make this easier?

Consider limiting users more:
  http://www.freebsd.org/doc/en_US.ISO8859-1/books/handbook/users-limiting.html

Port systrace or equivalent (equivalent FreeBSD MAC module is not supported?):
  Run all daemons under reduced privileges (Such as NTPD).

Research compile time hardening, and see if it's something that can be enabled for most ports and/or the kernel:
  --enable-gcc-hardening
  --enable-linker-hardening

Figure out how to compile Liferea with Mozilla instead of Webkit, so extensions can be used (especially Torbutton).

Examine increasing jail virtualization, and if it has any security benefits:
  Using the network stack virtualization in CURRENT may protect the MAC address, interfaces, etc. from being known by the jails.

Figure out how to detect the correct sound device driver, and load less modules at boot.

Change the login message to 'Welcome to your Secure Desktop.'

Build OpenJDK from some package in the FreeBSD package system that is based on open software:
  Build each dependency from ports.
  Install OpenJDK package.
  Use 'make' (without installation) to build the new OpenJDK.
  Remove the OpenJDK package.
  Use 'make package' to make the new OpenJDK package.

Find a PF setup that works better with NAT/hole punching (e.g. STUN, TURN, ICE, and UPnP).

Fix Freenet plugins: They seem to only work if Freenet can download them itself, instead of being downloaded by 1run.sh.

Get the I2P wrapper to work:
  Try allowing root users to use uname (for proper running of postinstall.sh).
  The I2P wrapper (?) appears to communicate with I2P via an undocumented TCP port.
  See also:
    http://zzz.i2p/topics/927
    http://zzz.i2p/topics/929

Audit all apps files for lightening.

Make Firefox properly recognize applications like Abiword, Evince, VLC, etc.

Figure out some method of turning an installed system into a live CD/DVD:
	This may require more room than the medium has for, e.g. Shewstring Desktop, but there could be a 'light' install.

Figure out some method of lessening file duplication:
	Unionfs will NOT work until its massive amounts of buggyness is solved.
